Track2 release: containerregistry (#14992)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/containerregistry/armcontainerregistry/README.md

> # Azure containerregistry Module for Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Azure Container Registry Module for Go
```

[![PkgGoDev](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/containerregistry/armcontainerregistry)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/containerregistry/armcontainerregistry)

> The `armcontainerregistry` module provides operations for working with Azure containerregistry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `armcontainerregistry` module provides operations for working with Azure Container Registry.
```

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/containerregistry/armcontainerregistry)

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/)
- Go 1.13 or above

## Install the package

This project uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) for versioning and dependency management.

> Install the Azure containerregistry module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Container Registry module:
```

```sh
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/containerregistry/armcontainerregistry
```

## Authorization

> When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure containerregistry.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Container Registry.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.
```

```go
cred, err := azidentity.NewDefaultAzureCredential(nil)
```

For more information on authentication, please see the documentation for `azidentity` at [pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity).

## Connecting to Azure Containerregistry

Once you have a credential, create a connection to the desired ARM endpoint.  The `armcore` module provides facilities for connecting with ARM endpoints including public and sovereign clouds as well as Azure Stack.

```go
con := armcore.NewDefaultConnection(cred, nil)
```

For more information on ARM connections, please see the documentation for `armcore` at [pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/armcore](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/armcore).

## Clients

> Azure containerregistry modules consist of one or more clients.  A client groups a set of related APIs, providing access to its functionality within the specified subscription.  Create one or more clients to access the APIs you require using your `armcore.Connection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Container Registry modules consist of one or more clients.  A client groups a set of related APIs, providing access to its functionality within the specified subscription.  Create one or more clients to access the APIs you require using your `armcore.Connection`.
```
